♪
I can't afford to lose
this duel to Kolter, but
I don't want him
to lose either.
As much as
I hate to admit it,
Lightning has chosen the perfect
opponent for Playmaker.
Yeah,
you got that right, Flame.
And as if this duel isn't
hard enough already,
it's like Playmaker has to take
on two opponents
at the exact same time,
Kolter and himself.
And whoever ends up
winning this,
there's only one true winner
and that's Lightning.
I can't watch this!
Will you stop pouting
and win this duel?
There are
more important things at stake.
(gasping)
Come on, Playmaker.
Step your game up
before your time's up.
♪
Hey Boss, clue me in.
Am I like totally seeing things,
or is Playmaker off his game?
Stop your squakin',
you're seein' things.
Playmaker's fine,
and dueling as dandy as always
and I should know
'cause these eyes have seen
more of his duels
than anyone else.
Uh-huh!
I've seen just as many
Playmaker duels as you have!
But I get a closer look
by like two inches.
Playmaker, I never thought
the Day would come
when I didn't know
the right thing to say...
But I'll still say something,
even if it's the wrong thing.
And that's what you should do.
Don't worry if you're doing the
right thing or the wrong thing,
just do your thing.
Just do my thing.
So you're ready to duel?
I sure am, Kolter.
And first, I'll activate my
spell card, Link Satellite.
For every Link
that Decode Talker has,
I place a Satellite Counter
on this card.
As long as Link Satellite
is in play,
neither of us can attack.
And with that, I end my turn.
I'm required to remove
a Satellite Counter
at the end of my turn.
Then, when I'm all
out of counters,
my Link Satellite is destroyed.
I thought you said that you
were ready to duel me, Playmake,
not just stand around and stall.
Playmaker can't be
attacked for two turns.
Yes, he's safe...for now.
You're right.
But they shouldn't have been
dueling each other
in the first place!
It's all because
Lightning's blackmailing Kolter
by threatening Jin's safety.
Look bud, if you don't wanna
fight me, that's on you.
You're only making
my job easier.
The only way to save my brother
is to defeat you.
And this is one of those
one-way roads
where there's no turning back.
I know that this is not
how you and me wanted things
to end, buddy.
But all good things gotta come
to an end sometime, right?
Kolter!
I knew manipulating
Playmaker's emotions
would be fruitful,
but I could never
anticipate it to work this well.
Humans are such silly
fascinating creatures.
Jin!
I know you're
counting on me to save ya,
but all I've ever done
was let you down.
But in the end,
I'll make sure to be a brother
you can be proud of.
Playmaker, you of all people
oughta know that attacking
isn't the only way
I can deal you damage.
I draw!
(grunts)
First, I'll summon
Codebreaker Zero Day!
(dramatic music)
And then,
I'll use it to code my circuit!
Check this out!
I set Zero Day
and Virus Swordsman
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon
Link 3
Codebreaker Virus Berserker!
That monster
doesn't look friendly...
I don't know about that
especially 'cause my Codebreaker
can bring a few friends
to join the party.
See Virus Berserker's special
ability lets me select up to
two Codebreakers in my hand
or my graveyard
and summon them
to your side of the field
next to your
Decode Talker's Links.
So Codebreaker Zero Day,
go be a pal.
You do realize that
Decode Talker gains
500 attack points for
every monster it's Linked to.
I do!
And you realize that
Zero Day's ability turns
that positive into a negative!
Come on, Kolter's getting
the upper hand.
So you gotta
start doing your thing
before it gets out of hand!
And do what exactly, Ai?
While you figure that out,
I activate my trap
Codebreak Backfire!
When a Codebraker is
summoned to your
side of the field,
you take 600 points of damage!
(dramatic music)
Oh, no!
We're down to 1200 life points!
Couple more hits of that goopy
green stuff and we're goners!
It doesn't have to be
just the green stuff.
Damage can come in any color.
For every Codebreaker
that's on your field,
Virus Berserker can destroy your
spell or trap card
as long as it's faceup.
And for every card
that's destroyed,
you take 600 points of damage.
So say bye to your
Link Satellite
and half your
remaining life points!
Oh, man, Kolter destroyed
his Link Satellite!
Meaning he's now
allowed to attack.
(grunts)
You know how I just told you
to do your thing?
You might wanna
try the opposite now.
Ya better listen to him.
'cause if this is
doin' your thing,
then your thing is broken.
And I'm not just talkin'
about your duelin'
I'm talking about your
everything, Playmaker.
And when I win this duel,
that's gonna make me a winner
and you a loser.
A loser...
Yeah,
you remember what I said
about winners and losers, right?
♪
Don't tell me
you already forgot
'cause I know your memory
isn't that bad.
Unless you took a few too many
hits to the noggin'.
What are you doing here?
The super villain convention
is next door.
Calm down, Ai.
I only came here
to have a closer look.
And a closer listen
Kolter, what could you two
possibly be discussing?
Playmaker is down
to his final 600 life points,
so instead of chatting,
all you need to do
is attack and end him.
Yeah, I'm aware of that.
Here it comes!
Let's end this!
Codebreaker Virus Berserker,
attack Decode Talker!
Let's end this!
Codebreaker Virus Berserker,
attack Decode Talker!
Playmaker doesn't have
enough life points
to survive this!
Utterly pathetic.
It's not over!
I activate Link Cancel!
It returns Decode Talker
to my deck!
And in exchange,
I get to resurrect the monsters
I used to summon it!
Return to my field,
Link Spider and Protocol Gardna!
Nice!
Due to Protocol Gardna's
special ability,
Kolter isn't allowed to attack
monsters next to its Links.
But I can still attack
Protocol Gardna itself!
Meanin' all those moves
were for nothing!
It can't be...
And that's all she wrote.
Indeed.(laughs)
What?
You're still alive?
No thanks to you!
But allow I,
Professor Ai to explain.
Once per turn, Protocol Gardna
can't be destroyed in battle,
and we don't take any damage.
Lucky break, huh?
In that case, I activate the
spell card Codebreak Bind!
If your monster
that's Linked to
a Codebreaker destroys
my monster in battle,
I can send Codebreak Bind
to the graveyard
to deal you damage equal
to my monster's attack points,
and that's damage
you don't wanna take.
It's your turn, Playmaker.
Playmaker
can no longer attack
because if he destroys
Kolter's monster,
he'll run out of life points...
and lose!
Why is he breathing
as if he ran a marathon?
Because this duel
kinda is one, Flame.
There's damage you take
to your life points,
and there's damage you
take to your actual life.
And having to fight a friend
is taking a lot outta him.
You need a time out?
There's no time outs
during a duel, Playmaker.
But don't worry,
you'll get plenty of time
to rest once this match is over,
like, for eternity.
Yes, but when will that be?
I would prefer it
if you'd get on with it.
And I would prefer it
if you get off my back.
I'm doin' what you want.
So at least let me
do it my way, capiche?
So before I was rudely
interrupted, Playmaker,
in every duel, there's gotta be
a winner and a loser.
That's just how it is.
You're right, Kolter,
a winner and a loser...
Yeah, remember we had a
nice long talk about it?
Right here in this very spot,
in fact?
Well, not right here,
right here,
but right here
in the real world.
What?
You heard me.
Yes, but that doesn't
mean I understand you.
What isn't there to understand?
You and me are eventually
gonna have to duel.
And why exactly do you think
that's going to happen?
Well, our missions are to
one: Save Jin
and two: Stop Lightning from
destroying the world.
But what if those
two missions clash?
Go on...
If I was Lightning
and running through
scenarios to stop you,
the best plan
is to turn me against you.
Since he knows I'd do anything
to save my brother, Jin,
sooner or later,
Lightning's gonna blackmail me
and force me to duel you.
And I gotta accept.
No offense, but you're not
good enough to defeat me.
None taken,
because it's true.
Then why would Lightning
force you to duel me
when he knows the chances of
your victory are slim at best?
Because he wants to hit you
where it really hurts,
your heart.
You may not show
your emotions often,
but that heart of yours beats
for the world like no one else.
Lightning thinks that if
you defeat and erase me,
that it'll make it
easy pickins for later.
But here's the thing,
even if you beat me,
I don't want you
to feel bad about it.
Not feel bad about it?
I don't know
how that's possible, Kolter.
Well, get over it, bud.
'cause if you do let it
crush ya, Lightning wins,
and we both lose.
That's the thing about
winning and losing.
Losing a duel doesn't
make you a loser
and winning doesn't
make you a winner either.
How you choose to deal
with the outcome does.
You see, if the duel breaks
your spirit, you're the loser.
So through good times and bad,
promise to keep fighting, okay?
Because when this
whole journey started,
it was just the two of us.
But see now, the whole world's
depending on you, buddy,
the hero of Link VRAINS.
I promise, Kolter.
My man, we made a pretty
good team, didn't we?
Yes. It's too bad that
whichever one of us wins,
it's all coming to an end.
Well, if this is the last
time we're gonna see each other,
I gotta ask you something
and you gotta tell the truth.
No lies, no wishy washy,
just the truth.
Can you promise on our
friendship that you'll do that?
What is it?
You...don't think a hot dog
is a sandwich, do ya?
No, I don't.
(sighs)
It's a taco.
Taco?
Come on, no way!
A hot dog cannot be a taco!
First off,
the texture of the shell,
and then there's the crunch...
Alright, Playmaker,
time to see if you're a winner
or a loser.
Playmaker, you gonna make
your move or what?
What are you gonna do?
(screams)
Uh-huh! Glitch!
Playmaker, no.
Huh!
Ready Ai?
Huh! Ready for what?
To win this duel!
I draw!
I'll start
by creating my circuit!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Effect Monsters,
so I set Protocol Gardna and
Link Spider in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 Decode Talker Extended!
Decode Talker Extended ?
My, my..
It looks like Playmaker got
himself a new Decode Talker!
It's about time you got your
head in the game, Playmaker.
Similar to my previous
Decode Talker,
Decode Talker Extended also
gains 500 attack points
for every monster
that's next to its Links.
But Codebreaker Zero Day's
ability makes you
lose those attack points
instead of gaining them!
Not again!
Due to
Codebreak Bind's effect,
his DTE can't attack unless
it's Linked to a Codebreaker.
But when it's Linked
to a Codebreaker,
it loses most of its
attack points.
This is what is called
a conundrum.
I activate my spell,
Decode Destruction!
It raises
Decode Talker Extended's
attack points by 1500!
Now Decode Talker Extended,
attack
Codebreaker Virus Berserker!
Say what?
This attack seems...unwise.
You nuts?
Your Decode Talker Extended has
fewer attack points
than my
Codebreaker Virus Berserker!
That would only be true
if I didn't have this spell card
in my hand!
I activate Cyberse Pride!
When your monster has
more attack points than mine,
I can pay 500 of my life points
to make our monsters' attack
points the same!
Also, my monster can't be
destroyed in battle!
But I can destroy yours!
With that, your Berserker's
no longer in play.
You just caused your own
downfall, Playmaker.
When Virus Berserker
is sent to the graveyard,
Codebreak Bind's effect deals
you game-ending damage!
Not when I have
Decode Destruction!
Its additional effect banishes
Virus Berserker
instead of sending
it to the graveyard!
What?
If it doesn't go
to graveyard,
Codebreak Bind's
effect doesn't activate!
Even worse, when
Virus Berserker is destroyed,
both my Zero Days self-destruct.
That's not all
that you're losing!
Decode Destruction's
third effect
destroys all the remaining cards
on your field!
Kinda overboard,
don't you think?
And now that your
Zero Days are gone,
Decode Talker's attack points
rise to 4300!
And then my monster
has another ability!
When it destroys a monster
next to its Link,
it can attack for a second time
in a single turn!
This is it.
It looks like
Game Over.
Good luck, pal.
Kolter!
No!
Kolter's gone...
I didn't...
I didn't get to say goodbye.
Playmaker!
Kolter...
Come on, let's hurry it up,
you two.
The sooner we
complete Kolter's program,
the sooner we can hack
into Mirror Link VRAINS.
Umm! Try to cheer up,
Playmaker.
You ask him
for the impossible, Ai.
Do we look like
we need a couple of pennies?
'Cause no one asked
for your two cents, Lightning!
Okay, okay.
If you don't want
to hear the truth,
then there's nothing
more for me to say
Good!
Except for my observation
of Playmaker's failure.
It must be crushing to know that
you could not save your friend.
Or his brother.
And you didn't just fail
to save them,
you're the reason
that they're gone.
And from now
until the end of time,
they're just...no more.
As if they never existed.
Except for in your memories.
How sweet that must be?
To be reminded by your own
subconsciousness that you were
the cause of their demise.
How you will live
with this pain?
I do not know.
And this leads to my one last,
logical conclusion: I broke you.
And a broken Playmaker
cannot win this war.
I'm broken, am I?
Time to see
what you're made of.
Yes.
I've clearly broken your spirit.
You may be right.
But a friend once told me that
if I can use these feelings
to come back stronger,
to come back a winner.
What?
Kolter knew that you would
force him to duel me,
so he prepped me for this.
To make sure
that if my spirit did break,
that I could forge it
back together.
and make it
more powerful than before.
You can do this Playmaker.
He knew that
I would blackmail him?
He tricked me?
Kolter may be gone,
but as you said,
he lives on inside me.
But Kolter isn't
holding me down,
he's lifting me up
and giving me the strength
to stop you!
Playmaker!
Heh! It seems Kolter
wasn't giving you
as much strength
as you believed.
Playmaker, no!
No!
Calm down, Soulburner.
I understand your anger
but you mustn't lose control.
Don't worry, Flame.
No need.
I promise to stay in control
and not lose my cool,
even for a second.
But I'm gonna use this fire...
blazin' through me
to burn Lightning up!
♪